Update the "setState called during build" in common-errors.md (#11353)
flutter/website: src/content/testing/common-errors.md

immediately show information to the user,
but `setState` should never be called from a `build` method.

The following code illustrates a common culprit of this error:

<?code-excerpt "lib/set_state_build.dart (problem)"?>

> ```dart

Reviewer: If all the code required for running an app is being added here, maybe it could be structured as an interactive DartPad sample! I'm not sure exactly how it works but I did see another page that was formatted this way:

https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/93fe19aca35566afda7bb12b78ff952d401586b8/src/content/cookbook/design/tabs.md?plain=1#L96-L136

Author: That's a great idea, but I don't know how I'd be able to test the functionality before submitting it for review. I can get common-errors.md onto my PC, but how would I serve it to myself for testing, especially with the an interactive DartPad in place?

**How to fix it?**

One way to avoid this error is instruct flutter to finish rendering the page

> before implementing the showDialog. This can be done by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before calling `showDialog()`. This can be done by using
```

"implementing" = creating the API
"calling" = invoking the function

> addPostFrameCallback() method. The following code illustrates this on the broken example just given:

Reviewer: Generally we want files to have lines of <= 80 characters. ([more info here](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-shared/blob/main/doc/writing-for-dart-and-flutter-websites.md#semantic-line-breaks))

Author: I split line 501 into two in my fork of the code, but I'm not sure if this change makes its way automatically into the PR, or whether I need to do something to update it.

Reviewer: It looks like this PR is using the [`554richard:patch-1`](https://github.com/554richard/website/tree/patch-1) branch. If you push changes to that branch, they'll show up in this pull request!

      home: const DialogExample(),
    );
  }
}

class DialogExample extends StatelessWidget {
  const DialogExample({super.key});

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    //You can do this:
    WidgetsBinding.instance.addPostFrameCallback((_) {
      showDialog<void>(
        context: context,
        builder: (BuildContext context) {
          return const AlertDialog(
            title: Text('Alert Dialog'),
          );
        },
      );
    });
    return Scaffold(
      appBar: AppBar(
        title: const Text('First Screen'),
      ),
      body: Center(
        child: ElevatedButton(
          child: const Text('Launch screen'),
          onPressed: () {
            // Navigate to the second screen using a named route.
            Navigator.pushNamed(context, '/second');
            // Immediately show a dialog upon loading the second screen.
            Navigator.push(
              context,
              PageRouteBuilder(
                barrierDismissible: true,
                opaque: false,
                pageBuilder: (_, anim1, anim2) => const MyDialog(),
              ),
            );

>           },

Reviewer: Here's a possible solution that doesn't involve stateful widgets (using the Navigator's `context` for the dialog, to ensure it isn't disposed of by the end of the frame):

```dart
onPressed: () {
  final NavigatorState navigator = Navigator.of(context);
  navigator.pushNamed('/second');

  WidgetsBinding.instance.addPostFrameCallback((_) {
    showDialog(
      context: navigator.context,
      builder: (context) => const MyDialog(),
    );
  });
},
```

Author: The difficulty I'm having with implementing this is that my example code doesn't have an onPressed callback anywhere in it, and if I create a button in the Scaffold and put the showDialog in its onPressed:,, the "setState error during build" error disappears without the need of a addPostFrameCallback.

I'm afraid that the broken code I give as an example is crazy - nobody in their right mind would write it. The actual code that caused me the problem was with pluto_grid, and I don't know how to create a sensible example of the error without it - and I can see that pluto_grid should not be included in a page like this. I guess the solution snippet in the current version is a good solution to a problem which was also too specific - which is why I didn't find it helpful.

I suppose I've got into trouble because I'm trying to post a solution to a specific problem in a "common errors" page whose purpose has to be much more general. 

If I can't find a sensible example of broken code - which uses a callback like onPressed or onChanged and causes this particular error without using pluto_grid, I don't think I can make a sensible contribution. What do you think?

Reviewer: Thanks for sharing your thoughts.

I think you made a good point about the post-frame callback not being necessary here 🙂
I edited the comment above accordingly, thanks!
